hi I want the new iPhone 5 please right
now I have no life hey guys it's like
fire
so recently iPhone 5 came out as y'all
know ok actually no one knows this but I
have the oldest iPhone ever it looks
like this it has like a nice silver
smooth back with with a camera thinking
about five years it's a pretty long time
I mean I've done a pretty good job
holding this to like one piece it also
means though if I drop her like this
nothing happens it is the best quality I
find her mate I can see that that's
smart that's nice
why should I get another one it's
written slow I pressed the button you
know I mean that's my cat by the way I
love it yeah I can't download in a new
apps on that means all the stuff I have
it's like old stuff stuff that is four
years old and I I mean I can if we go to
the camera which is only in the back
this is the quality let me take a
picture of this you can't even see
what's written you see when you look
Thanks this is freaking like Asian
grease I shall look at eBay to see like
a phone like this but what it cost and
stuff and they call this the vintage
iPhone that is how old this is
it's vintage well then again I would
like to not sound like a spoiled brat
and say that I do think about all the
starving kids in Africa I really do with
that said I need the new iPhone 5 I was
thinking of course I have some really
generous people out there who wanna hit
me up with a brand new phone nope ok
I'll just go and sell myself is that
what you want
is that it
I should get the new one it's this is
just my friends they friends what am I
talking they don't like me because of
this they think I'm like a zero they
don't want to hang out with me as soon
as like my phone rings and I'm gonna
pick up they're like that's not true
anyways you get the point I want the new
iPhone actually I want the new iPhone so
bad this is how many pushups I can do oh
that didn't count that didn't count
I hope you enjoyed this video and I hope
that you want the iPhone as bad as I do
so see ya
so call me Navy